docs: re-implement validator config page with builder.boostFactor notes (#6295)
ChainSafe/lodestar: docs/pages/validator-management/vc-configuration.md

### Create a wallet

> Lodestar has deprecated its functionality to create wallets.

Reviewer: I am pretty sure we have removed it, not just deprecated it

```suggestion
Lodestar has removed its functionality to create wallets.
```

> To create a wallet, we recommend using the official [`staking-deposit-cli`](https://github.com/ethereum/staking-deposit-cli/releases) from the Ethereum Foundation for users comfortable with command line interfaces.

Reviewer: The term wallet here might be a bit outdated, maybe should use term keystores, or we use same wording as [deposit cli introduction](https://github.com/ethereum/staking-deposit-cli?tab=readme-ov-file#introduction).

Maybe "keystores and corresponding deposit data" but since the whole section is about "Create a wallet" maybe better to revise that part in a separate PR.

Author: Will follow up in another PR with the best way to align this. TBH, I'm still kinda wondering if we need this as generally, most go through the Ethereum launchpad which provides all these instructions for them already. This whole section has been around for a long time when Lodestar had these features and before the existence of a lot of this tooling + other references.

You may choose to use the `--strictFeeRecipientCheck` flag to enable a strict check of the fee recipient address with the one returned by the beacon node for added reassurance.

### Configure your builder selection and/or builder boost factor

> If you are running Lodestar with connected builder relays, you may use this configuration to determine which block to propose. With produceBlockV3, the `builder.boostFactor` allows you to set a percentage multiplier to compare against the local engine block reward versus the builder block's reward from the relays (if the beacon node is connected to builder relays).   

Reviewer: I like how we phrase this in the CLI flag mentioning boost / dampen
https://github.com/ChainSafe/lodestar/blob/098d35aa0f5afc351a131b8a1e88485907985226/packages/cli/src/cmds/validator/options.ts#L253

We have to make is clear that even though this is set on the validator client, the calculation is applied on the beacon node.

> This is similar to our previous `builder.selection` options for how the validator chooses which block to propose in its production flow. With produceBlockV3 (enabled automatically after the Deneb hard fork), the `builder.boostFactor` will be available and maintained as part of `consensus-specs/apis/validator/block.v3.yaml` for a more fine-tuned selection strategy. The `builder.selection` options of `maxprofit` | `executiononly` | `builderonly` | `builderalways` is still available for use. 

Reviewer: > validator chooses which block to propose in its production flow

This is not technically correct as the beacon node chooses which block to propose, not sure if it needs to be technically correct here though

> `consensus-specs/apis/validator/block.v3.yaml`

Block v3 is part of beacon api spec, not consensus-spec. Maybe just add a ref to [produceBlockV3](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/#/ValidatorRequiredApi/produceBlockV3)?

> Examples comparing `builder.boostFactor` to our previous `builder.selection` implementation, setting a `builder.boostFactor` of `0` is the same as signaling `builder.selection executiononly` where the validator will always select the local execution block if available.

Reviewer: This comparison is correct, with one exception that the validator client would reject a builder block if `builder.selection executiononly` is set while it does not if `builder.boostFactor=0` is set.

> where the validator will always select the local execution block if available

Same as previously mentioned, selection happens on the beacon node side,  the validator client can just state preferences by passing flag in the block v3 api call. 

(just hightlighting this, not sure if we acutally need to rephrase this here as for most users shouldn't matter)

You may choose to use the `--strictFeeRecipientCheck` flag to enable a strict check of the fee recipient address with the one returned by the beacon node for added reassurance.

### Configure your builder selection and/or builder boost factor

> If you are running a Lodestar beacon with connected builder relays, you may use these validator configurations to signal which block (builder vs. local execution) for the beacon node to propose. 

Reviewer: Technically, the behavior should be the same for all beacon nodes, the only difference (non spec'd behavior) to other clients are:
- we reject local (`builderonly` ) and builder block (`executiononly`) on vc side
- we do not trigger builder (`executiononly`) and local (`builderonly`) block production on the bn side

```suggestion
If you are running a beacon node with connected builder relays, you may use these validator configurations to signal which block (builder vs. local execution) the beacon node should produce.
```

> With produceBlockV3 (enabled automatically after the Deneb hard fork), the `--builder.boostFactor` is a percentage multiplier the block producing beacon node must apply to boost (>100) or dampen (<100) builder block value for selection against execution block. The multiplier is ignored if `--builder.selection` is set to anything other than `maxprofit`. Even though this is set on the validator client, the calculation is applied on the beacon node itself. For more information, see the [produceBlockV3 Beacon API](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/#/ValidatorRequiredApi/produceBlockV3).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With produceBlockV3 (enabled automatically after the Deneb hard fork), the `--builder.boostFactor` is a percentage multiplier the block producing beacon node must apply to boost (>100) or dampen (<100) builder block value for selection against execution block. The multiplier is ignored if `--builder.selection` is set to anything other than `maxprofit`. Even though this is set on the validator client, the calculation is requested and applied on the beacon node itself. For more information, see the [produceBlockV3 Beacon API](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/#/ValidatorRequiredApi/produceBlockV3).
```

> With produceBlockV3 (enabled automatically after the Deneb hard fork), the `builder.boostFactor` is a percentage multiplier the block producing beacon node must apply to boost (>100) or dampen (<100) builder block value for selection against execution block. The multiplier is ignored if `--builder.selection` is set to anything other than `maxprofit`. Even though this is set on the validator client, the calculation is applied on the beacon node itself. For more information, see the [produceBlockV3 Beacon API](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/#/ValidatorRequiredApi/produceBlockV3).

Reviewer: How did you decide when to prefix with `--` and when not? I think here we might wanna prefix `builder.boostFactor` as we also did it for `--builder.selection`. Not sure further below, might be fine without  as it is a bit redundant, people know at this point that we talk about CLI flag

Author: Good point, consistency is key here. Looking at other parts of our documentation, when explicitly talking about flags, there are `--flag` in the docs. Options are often written as `option` Will address.

> With Lodestar's `--builder.selection` options, you can select:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Lodestar's `--builder.selection`  validator options, you can select:
```

- `maxprofit`: Default setting for Lodestar set at `builder.boostFactor=100`. This default setting will always choose the more profitable block. Using this option, you may customize your `builder.boostFactor` to your preference. Examples of its usage are below.

> - `executiononly`: Validator will not trigger builder block production even if builder relays are configured on the beacon. This will always select the local execution block.

Reviewer: > Validator will not trigger builder block production

This reads wrong to me as the validator just calls a single API (produceBlockv3) on the beacon node which handles the producting of builder block or not.

> - `executiononly`: Validator will not select the builder block even if builder relays are configured on the beacon. This option will always select the local execution block.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `executiononly`: An alias of `--builder.boostFactor=0`, will request beacon to not select/produce the builder block even if builder relays are configured on the beacon. This option will always select the local execution block and will fail in case beacon couldn't produce local one.
```

> - `executiononly`: Validator will not select the builder block even if builder relays are configured on the beacon. This option will always select the local execution block.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `executiononly`: Beacon will not produce/select the builder block even if builder relays are configured on the beacon. This option will always select the local execution block and will error if it couldn't produce one.
```

Reviewer: This is what Lodestar beacon node does but we should ideally describe how the validator client behaves here as this configuration page related to the vc configuration.

Reviewer: I have updated the description based on the suggestion https://github.com/ChainSafe/lodestar/pull/6295/commits/9e329d45bab7db8f9ea707de1fc8a146642adae1 (with slight modification)

> - `builderalways`: An alias of `builder.boostFactor=18446744073709551615`, which will select the builder block, unless the builder block fails to produce. The builder block may fail to produce if it's not available, not timely or there is an indication of censorship via `shouldOverrideBuilder` from the execution payload response.

Reviewer: Really minor but just noticed we might wanna add 2**64 - 1 here, else nobody would get what `18446744073709551615` means

maybe like this
```suggestion
- `builderalways`: An alias of `builder.boostFactor=18446744073709551615` (2**64 - 1), which will select the builder block, unless the builder block fails to produce. The builder block may fail to produce if it's not available, not timely or there is an indication of censorship via `shouldOverrideBuilder` from the execution payload response.
```

> - `builderalways`: An alias of `--builder.boostFactor=18446744073709551615` (2**64 - 1), which will select the builder block, unless the builder block fails to produce. The builder block may fail to produce if it's not available, not timely or there is an indication of censorship via shouldOverrideBuilder from the execution payload response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `builderalways`: An alias of `--builder.boostFactor=18446744073709551615` (2**64 - 1), which will select the builder block, unless the builder block fails to produce. The builder block may fail to produce if it's not available, not timely or there is an indication of censorship via `shouldOverrideBuilder` from the execution payload response.
```

> - `builderonly`: Generally used for distributed validators (DVs). No execution block production will be triggered. Therefore, if a builder block is not produced, the API will fail and *no block will be produced*.

Reviewer 2: we should also probably add `executionalways` which will be alias of `--builder.boostFactor=0`which will always return execution block unless its not produced or not timely which might then respond with a builder (we don't have this option now in validator but will be good for the sake of completeness)

#### Examples using custom `builder.boostFactor` 

> Example 1: Setting a `builder.boostFactor` of `0` is the same as signaling `builder.selection executiononly` where the validator will always select the local execution block if available.

Reviewer: This is correct with the exception that `executiononly` will reject the block on the validator side if it is not a execution block. It is a very strict "fuck builders" setting, while `builder.boostFactor=0` will produce builder block if local block production failed for some reason.

see code snippet
https://github.com/ChainSafe/lodestar/blob/4996f4d5218994fbbd418be1340a3e816d01eac9/packages/validator/src/services/block.ts#L288-L297

- `executiononly`: Validator will not select the builder block even if builder relays are configured on the beacon node. This option will always select the local execution block.
- `builderalways`: An alias of `--builder.boostFactor=18446744073709551615` (2**64 - 1), which will select the builder block, unless the builder block fails to produce. The builder block may fail to produce if it's not available, not timely or there is an indication of censorship via shouldOverrideBuilder from the execution payload response.
- `builderonly`: Generally used for distributed validators (DVs). No execution block production will be triggered. Therefore, if a builder block is not produced, the API will fail and _no block will be produced_.

#### Examples using builder boost factor

Example 1: Setting a `--builder.boostFactor=0` will always prefer the local execution block, but will produce an available builder block if the local execution block fails.

Example 2: Setting a `--builder.boostFactor=100` is the same as signaling `--builder.selection maxprofit` where the validator will always select the most profitable block between the local execution engine and the builder block from the relay.

> Example 3: Setting `--builder.boostFactor=80` allows you to signal that your builder block bid needs 20% more in value comparatively to your local execution block to be selected.

Reviewer: Just noticed, the example is not correct.

Let's assume a local block value of 100, if builder block has value of 120 (20% more) it will still pick local block

> 120 * 0.80 = 96

Reviewer 2: its inverse relationship so need 25% more (100/0.8 -100)

- `executiononly`: Validator will not select the builder block even if builder relays are configured on the beacon node. This option will always select the local execution block.
- `builderalways`: An alias of `--builder.boostFactor=18446744073709551615` (2**64 - 1), which will select the builder block, unless the builder block fails to produce. The builder block may fail to produce if it's not available, not timely or there is an indication of censorship via `shouldOverrideBuilder` from the execution payload response.
- `builderonly`: Generally used for distributed validators (DVs). No execution block production will be triggered. Therefore, if a builder block is not produced, the API will fail and _no block will be produced_.

#### Calculating builder boost factor with examples

To calculate the builder boost factor setting, you need to know what percentage you will accept a builder block for against a local execution block using the following formula: `100*100/(100+percentage)`.

Example 1: I will only accept a builder block with 20% more value than the local execution block.
```
10000/(100+20) = 83.3
```

> Therefore, `--builder.boostFactor=83.3`.

Reviewer: Bad news, we don't support floating point numbers (must be integer)
```
✖ SyntaxError: Cannot convert 83.3 to a BigInt
```

You should see confirmation that modules have started.

> ```ts

Reviewer: Using `ts` as syntax highlighting here looks wrong to me, maybe we should just use neutral `txt`

> You should see confirmation that modules have started.

Reviewer 3: The sh should stay in here

"```sh"

Reviewer: Those are logs, bash syntax highlighting looks wrong

Author: Doesn't really benefit the docs if it doesn't look similar to what you would actually even see in your terminal. Just leaving as txt should be fine
